Rapid7 release notes (#2454)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2023-05-24-apps_rapid7.md

---
title: Rapid7 (Apps)
image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - apps
  - app catalog
  - saas cloud
  - symantec
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We're excited to announce the release of the new Rapid7 app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages Sumo Logic [Cloud-to-Cloud Rapid7 source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/rapid7-source/) to gain deeper insights into asset and vulnerability management activities and prioritize remediation efforts, to minimize attack surfaces, and make well-informed decisions to enhance your overall security posture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're releasing a new app called Rapid7 app that leverages Sumo Logic [Cloud-to-Cloud Rapid7 source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/rapid7-source/). It enables you to obtain a deeper understanding of asset and vulnerability management activities, prioritize remediation efforts, reduce attack surfaces, and make informed decisions to improve your overall security posture.
```

Reviewer: I've rephrased the para to match the user-friendly tone.

Author: Thanks @JV0812 . Updated accordingly.
